- All right, Legends, let's
get this show on the road.
Can't let this immortality buzz
go to waste.
- For your convenience,
I started a countdown timer.
23 hours and 45 minutes
to save my brother.
You're welcome.
- All right,
you heard the lady.
Clock is ticking.
- Yeah,
let's get back to the ship
and fire up the Loom
before it's too late.
- Has anyone seen Gary?
Because someone at your party
has stolen my Shadow Stone.
So if you come across
a disembodied voice
floating around,
crying out like a baby,
then that's your culprit.
- Yeah, Gary went back
to the ship.
His Bunny has IBS.
- Yeah, and serious gas issues.
- Ooh.
Wow, that is some arctic breeze
blowing in.
- Why are we in England?
- Where the bloody hell's
the portal?
Has anyone seen Astra?
- How's your tummy,
my bunny-wummy?
- Gideon,
can you do me a favor?
Can you fabricate more veggies
for Gary Junior Two?
- Gideon, you there?
Huh.
- Gary,
the ship's compromised.
They're shutting me down--
- If Gideon is down,
then who's flying the ship?
- Oh, come on,
are you not off your trolleys?
I mean, why would Astra steal
the Waverider, eh?
- I know we're "friends"
with her now,
but maybe she wanted
to use the Loom.
- Or what if my sister's
got to her?
- If they get control
of the Loom before we do,
we'll never get a chance
to bring my brother back.
- Okay, let's all
just keep our cool.
Gideon, what's going on?
Gideon?
Okay, no Gideon.
- Yeah, it's okay, it's okay.
We'll figure this out.
What just happened?
Did you have another vision?
- Uh, no, it's, um--
no, it was nothing.
- As in you saw nothing,
or what?
- It--it was just a--a flash,
and then it was nothing.
I think it's the Chalice.
It's probably messing
with my powers.
- So what,
so now you're just blind?
- That's not helpful.
- Come on, that's insensitive.
Wait, wait, wait.
I think I just came up
with an amazing plan.
Rip set up Time Bureau
safe houses all over the world,
some of which
are still standing--
like the one in London, yes?
We go there,
we get a Time Courier,
it'll to take us
to the Waverider.
- Yes.
- Yeah, babe.
That is a perfect plan.
And you know what?
We're gonna do it,
we're gonna go to London,
because we
are immortal superheroes.
- Except me.
- Except for Zari.
And nothing
is gonna stand in our way.
We're immortal,
and we're superheroes,
and we have to wait
for the bus.
- Ugh.
- Well, at least Constantine
got us these nice,
warm clothes.
We're ready
for anything, right?
- Yeah, like a pheasant hunt.
- But in our defense,
we do look pretty good.
- Okay, tell me this.
How do you live here
and not have a car?
- Never needed one, love.
Always bummed a ride.
- So exactly how far is it
to London?
- Well, according to my phone,
it says 275.8--
- Miles or kilometers?
- Doesn't matter.
It's far.
When is the bus supposed
to get here?
- According to the schedule,
it'll be here in either
one minute or three hours.
- Wait.
Guys, is it a holiday?
- Is it a holiday?
- Ah, finally.
- Yes.
- There we go.
- Okay.
- Oop.
- Hold up.
Why's paying the fare?
- Does anyone have any money?
- No.
- Uh, sir, I know
this sounds ridiculous,
but the fate of the world
depends on us getting
on this bus.
- I don't care
who depends on who.
When I'm driving this bus,
everyone pays their fare.
- Have it your way.
- Well, come on!
- I really am so sorry, sir.
Believe it or not,
we're the good guys.
- Bollocks!
- Thank you for delivering
this lovely timeship.
And Atropos, thank you
for shutting off that
aggravating talking computer.
She thought she was so witty.
You don't have to thank me.
It's not like I had a choice.
You called in your favor,
after all.
- Everything comes
at a price, Astra.
I gave you a shot
at killing John Constantine,
and you squandered that.
- You drank
from the Chalice of Dionysus.
You're immortal for a day and
can operate the Loom of Fate.
- Are you asking me
to work with you?
Because I'm not hearing
a question.
Fine, I'll join you,
but I have some demands.
- Demands, really?
- Yeah.
Now I've experienced life
on Earth again,
some things have gotta change,
like prunes.
Disgusting.
I want them gone.
And dogs?
They should stay puppies
forever.
Oh, and there's
just one more thing.
I want to bring my mother
back to life.
- Let's kill her.
- I'm immortal, remember?
- For now.
- Astra's friends will be
searching for us by now.
Do something productive
and take care of them
while I chat with Astra
about this list of demands.
Now,
tell me about these prunes.
- Um, should I tell Mick
that he's driving on the wrong
side of the road, or just...
- No, definitely not.
It'll just confuse him more.
- Okay.
- Speaking of driving,
maybe you should run point
on this mission.
- What?
Is this because you're blind?
Because you totally killed it
at beer pong.
- Thank you, but now that I
can't see the future, you know,
just thinking I'm maybe
more useful as a foot soldier.
And plus, you're exactly
who the team needs right now.
- Uh...
okay, fine, but this
is only temporary,
because as far
as I'm concerned,
we are co-captains for life.
- Always.
- Oh.
Who's that?
- We're gonna get
your brother back.
We're just taking, you know,
the scenic route.
- Oh, you have got
to be kidding me.
You must be joking.
What are you doing?
- Oh, I'm just having a little
chin wag with an old friend.
Come on, give it here--
- This is not your friend.
I thought you quit.
Why are you starting again?
- Because I trusted Astra,
and then she betrayed me
by siding
with Charlie's sisters.
You know
once they use the Loom,
we're all as good as dead,
anyways.
- This doomsday act
is getting super old.
Look around.
The sky hasn't fallen,
the world is still here,
and for whatever reason,
the cabal
of mystical seamstresses
hasn't started spinning yet,
which means we still have time
to stop them.
So just don't do that.
- Fine.
- So gross.
- Oh, damn, Mick.
You killed her.
- No, I didn't.
- How do you know?
- She's moving.
- Uh, uh, ma'am, maybe
you should just stay down.
Are you okay?
all:
- What is it?
- Punch it, punch it!
- Nice one.
Well, we've seen this before
in the forests
when Atropos was chasing us.
- My sister will do
everything she can to stop us.
- Then we're probably
gonna start seeing
a lot more
of these zombies soon.
- Or now.
- Hmm?
- Let's go!
- Oh, come on, really?
- Ew.
- What the hell, John?
Now you have a death wish?
- Oh, come on.
Don't be daft.
See, apparently the good thing
about having a damned soul
is that these zombies
aren't interested in me.
- Ew, ew, ew.
- Cool demo.
Can you do something now?
- Yeah, okay.
Watch.
- All right, team.
We gotta stick to the plan.
Let's get this bus
up and running
before more of these come back.
- Maybe this cable
will get Gideon back online.
Gideon?
Oh.
Should've paid more attention
in computer science.
- Wake up, sleepyhead.
Are you an angel?
Am I dead?
- Oh, you're not dead, Gary.
And I'm Gideon.
- You're Gideon?
- Mm-hmm.
- But you're so...
you're so...
human.
Are you real?
- Well, I could explain,
but it wouldn't matter one bit.
Now listen to me
very carefully,
because you have
a rather important job to do.
- I do?
- Yes.
You must hide those very
important and powerful rings
from those evil sisters.
The fate the world
depends on it.
Now, come on, Gary.
It's time to get to work.
- Guys, come on.
We've got to keep moving.
What if my sister sends
something else our way?
- Well, the engine's busted
after the fight,
and the fuel pump's
got no power.
- Even if we fix the pump,
all this leaking fluid tells me
this is a lost cause.
- Okay, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, relax.
Remember when
we all worked together
to defeat a Time Demon?
We can make it to London
if we just work together.
- All right,
how long is it gonna take
to fix the engine?
- An hour.
- Maybe two.
To be honest, I don't know
anything about mechanic stuff.
- All right,
we're running out of time.
You live around here.
You must know someone
with a car.
- Uh, yeah,
I might know a bloke.
- Great.
- Wait, Zari,
shouldn't you stay with us?
You're not immortal.
-  Look, I can't
just sit here and do nothing.
- What--
- Hey, hey, hey.
I got her, it's fine.
- Hey, no, no, no, no, no.
Where are you guys going?
It's not a part of the plan.
- Astra, dear, we have
been very patient with you,
especially considering
you betrayed us
without saying a word.
- You betrayed me first.
Besides, I had to take
my destiny into my own hands
and try to bring
my mother back myself.
- And I appreciate
your gumption,
but I'm afraid you don't fully
grasp what that means.
- Right now my mother is dead.
I would like her to be alive.
Fairly simple concept.
- But as you know, life
as a human is very difficult.
If you insist on having
a normal life with your mother,
you will be bound
to the rules of nature,
which are not kind to humans.
See for yourself.
Why would you show me that?
- Because that
is what is going to happen
if you bring your mother back.
Life as a human is a life
of pain and suffering.
Constantine promised
to bring your mother back
as if it would solve
all your problems,
but what he didn't tell you
was you're just postponing
the inevitable.
Why bring your mother back
only to lose her
all over again?
- Look, I couldn't just sit
in that bus and do nothing.
- Well, I suppose it's good
to go through the motions.
At least it gives you
the illusion of control.
- Yeah, I'm not just going
through the motions.
I'm actually doing something
to save my brother.
- Yeah, and I was
actually trying to help Astra,
and look what happened there.
- You may see no point in
trying, but I'm not giving up.
- Have you ever considered
the possibility
that your brother's fate
is doomed in every timeline?
Apparently, this bloke
Rip Hunter used to say that,
you know, certain things
are just inevitable.
- Go to hell, John.
- You know, I've been there
and back, love.
Look, I'm just trying to save
you the disappointment is all.
- You know what?
Let's just walk in silence.
Cool?
Cool.
- Yeah.
Real smooth, Johnny.
Real smooth.
- She's so intriguing.
- Gary, she's positively evil.
- But she's so talented
with those weird knives.
- Well, ever mind her many
splendid talents, Gary.
I must ask you to focus.
Pay attention now.
- Okay, but how
are we gonna distract her
to grab the ring
so she doesn't notice?
I've got an idea.
Wish me luck.
- Good luck.
- What's up?
- I really don't think I
should've let John and Zari go.
What if we get the bus up and
running before they get back
or even worse, more zombies?
Then what am I supposed to--
- Hey.
Don't sweat it
if the plan falls apart.
Sometimes
the best solutions come
when there is no plan at all.
Besides, Legends are
all about improvisation.
It's kind of like, uh,
freeform jazz.
- Ugh, I hate freeform jazz.
- Oh, me, too.
Uh, it sounds like
we have company.
- Whoa, I think
those are soldiers.
Uh, maybe they can help us get
to London.
- What'd I tell ya?
- Oh, hey, guys.
Hi.
Oh, oh, we are so glad
you found us.
- Stay where you are.
They've got blood
on their clothes.
They might be infected.
- But--
- No.
- No, it's not.
- No, no, no,
we're not infected.
all:
- Ava!
- Oh.
Ow!
Ow.
- My God.
These zombies
can withstand headshots.
- Since when do zombies talk,
you idiot?
- Super-zombies
who have become sentient.
Round them up and
take them back to base camp.
- Lachesis?
- Yes?
- The rings are gone.
- I don't understand.
How could this happen?
- There must be someone else
on the ship.
- You're right.
Someone else is here.
And I know exactly who it is.
- I got the rings.
We make an amazing team.
We should have
our own spin-off.
♪ Gideon and Gary,
having adventures ♪
♪ Solving problems
and saving the world ♪
- Brilliant song, Gary!
You must teach it to me
once you've managed
to wrestle control
of the Waverider
from those pesky sisters.
- I know how we can do that.
- Mm-hmm?
- We'll blow up the ship.
- Or perhaps we'll do something
just a smidge less suicidal?
- Oh, that sounds like fun.
- Let's track down a Courier
so we can jump the rest
of the Legends here.
- Well,
what are we waiting for?
Let's go to the lab
and make those Couriers ours.
- Gary, you're making me blush.
- Let's go.
- This is charming.
How'd you hear
about this place?
- Well, back in the day,
Old Man Joe called me about
a demon-possessed '75 Fiat.
It was a right messy exorcism.
And a right crappy car.
Ah, now there's a beauty.
All right, come on.
We don't want to be out here
any longer than we have to be.
- What was that?
- It's not a sound we want
to be waiting around for.
Okay, come on, let's go.
This way, go!
Come on, quick!
- Okay,
I'll go find the van keys.
- Yeah, all right, yeah.
You do that.
- Okay.
Thanks, Old Man Joe.
- What is that infernal racket?
Are you all right?
- Yup, yeah, I'm fine.
Just--
filing this away
for future therapy.
Okay.
- We better leg it
to that chip van
before you become
zombie fodder.
- John, there's too many
of them out there.
But they're not interested
in you.
You need to take the van,
find the team, and save Behrad.
- Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That is a terrible idea.
- Why, because
you didn't think of it?
- Because I'm not leaving you
here to die, all right?
That's it.
- Oh, and now you're good
with leaving me to die?
- Well, yes to death,
no to leaving.
You see, there was this spell
that the ancient Egyptians--
- I don't need the history
lesson, John, just do it.
- Yeah, all right, but it means
stopping your heart.
And when I do that,
we've only got a few minutes
before the rest of you stops.
It's risky, and anything
can go wrong.
- You know what?
This whole day has gone wrong,
so why stop now?
- Why, indeed.
- You're making
a huge mistake!
What sentient zombies
are this well-dressed?
- Damn it, I promised Lita
I'd never get locked up again.
This stays between us.
- Okay, I'm just gonna make up
a speech.
About what, I don't know.
Just made it up on the spot.
- Ava's lost it?
She's lost it.
- Shh, she's thinking.
- Ah, okay!
You know what, guys?
Wha--um...
we're not wasting
any more time in this tin can.
And let's try to get creative
and think about
what resources we have.
- Okay.
- Look, we've got a guy
who turns into steel.
We've got a shapeshifter,
right?
That's fricking amazing.
We've got
a kickass blind assassin.
And a reformed thief
turned romance novelist.
- Who you calling reformed?
- Oh, well--
- Whoa, wait a minute.
I've been locked up
in one of these before.
There's a weak door...
down here somewhere.
Ah.
Steel Boy, punch.
- I'd be honored.
- Well, wait, what,
so we're gonna just jump out
of a moving car?
- Uh, yeah, well, you know,
we're not gonna die,
but it's really gonna hurt.
- Okay, who's first?
- You!
- Hey!
- Oh, God!
- Outta here, sucker!
- All right, then.
Well, come on, step right up.
- Got her?
- Yeah, I got her, Ava.
- Oh, I'm actually glad I can't
see what's about to happen.
- Okay, and jump!
- This actually wasn't part
of the plan!
- Ow.
all:
Well, Ava, as far
as inspirational speeches go,
I'd give that
a gentlemen's seven.
- Know what?
I will take it,
because now
we are 80 miles from London
which is, you know--
ow--closer
than we were before.
- Yeah.
- We're never gonna make it.
- Hey, never say never.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Can you help us?
- Don't stop, Wilbur!
Zombies!
- Ay, ay.
Damn it.
- You're giving off a vibe.
- Oh, man.
- Come on, babe, we gotta walk.
- I'm coming.
- All right, love, can you
give me a bit of room here, eh?
Sure.
Okay.
- If I die, I can't believe
the last thing I'm gonna see
is your face.
-  Well, better than
those zombies out there, eh?
- Debatable.
Yeah?
All right, love.
Close your eyes now.
- Okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no,
don't do this to me.
Don't do this to me.
Come on, Zari, come on.
Come on, don't do this.
Come on, come back to me, love!
Come back to me!
- Oh, come on.
- Is this
what a hangover feels like?
- We need to get out of here.
- Got one.
- Smashing job, Gary.
Now let's go get your friend
so we can finish this adventure
once and for all.
- Easy enough.
- Drop it.
- She means it.
She'll skin you alive.
What are you doing, Astra?
Why are you working with them?
- Now give us the rings.
We know you have them.
- Gideon, run!
Save yourself!
- The moron is speaking
to the rabbit.
- The rings are
in your pocket.
Give them to us.
- Gideon, help me.
- I can't, Gary.
I'm just a figment
of your imagination.
But you must
believe in yourself
and don't give in,
no matter what they do.
- How could I
give you the rings
if they were never really here?
- Trickery.
- Yeah, I may
have been electrocuted
by Gideon's mainframe,
but I could still do
a simple obfuscation spell.
- Time for more
persuasive tactics.
- Ah!
- Those headlights
are coming in fast.
- All right, everybody.
Just be cool, yeah?
Try to act as
un-zombielike as possible.
- Maybe Mick should stand
in the back.
- Ooh.
- Get in, losers.
We're going Looming.
- Uh, hello?
Ex-Director Sharpe here.
Who's manning this post?
A-ha.
- Well, cheers
to this nightmare of a day
coming to an end soon.
- I will drink to that.
- Yeah, well, we're not out
of the woods, yet, love,
but you can sign me up
for a beer anytime.
- Yeah, John was right.
We are not out
of the woods yet.
- Is it dead?
- Yeah, how did you know?
- Great, that's just great.
My brother's gone forever,
and the world's gonna end
because someone forgot
to charge it.
Great.
- Smoke break?
- Actually...
I quit smoking.
Again.
- Mm, don't tell me.
You finally found something
to live for?
There's no point.
The Fates are literally
against us.
I mean, how else do you explain
an overnight zombie apocalypse?
Or the fact that we're now
at the mercy of a charger?
- You know, I gotta say.
All this
doom and gloom attitude
really don't suit you, love.
- I'm sorry, I didn't realize
you had a monopoly
on doom and gloom.
- No, no, no,
I'm just saying, you know,
you stick
to what you know best is all.
- Yeah, I'm not gonna
take advice
from a "professional" exorcist
with a savior complex.
-  Come on,
I do not have a savior complex.
- Are you serious right now?
Oh, save me from my demons,
John Constantine.
- Oh, well, what about you,
then?
I mean,
you talk about savior complex,
what with all your self-help
and advice videos,
saving your minions
from a life of drudgery.
- I give my followers something
to aspire to.
- Aspire to, really?
What's that, then?
Oh, yeah, it's, uh,
being a superficial git.
- If you think I'm superficial,
then why are you here with me?
- Do you know what?
I don't know.
I just think I haven't had
enough punishment for one day.
- Punishment?
You should just go, then.
Right now.
- You want me to leave?
Because I will leave.
I will go right now
and I will not come back.
- Good, great, leave.
I wouldn't want
to be with you right now
if you were the last man
on Earth.
- Well, good, because I
wouldn't want to be with you
if you were the last woman--
- So, where should we start?
Head, shoulders, knees,
or toes?
- How about none
of those things?
- You can hand me those rings
or you can give me your hands.
It is that simple.
- This isn't you.
You're not like them.
- You don't know a thing
about me.
- I do know that
when you had to choose between
staying in Hell or putting
your trust in the Legends,
you grabbed Ava's hand
and took a leap of faith.
- That was a mistake.
A moment of weakness
when I still believed
I wanted to see my mother.
- Wait, you don't want your
mother to come back anymore?
- Not if it means losing her
all over again.
Lachesis opened my eyes
and showed me her death
and what it would be like
if I brought her back.
- You actually had
to see your mother die?
Are you okay?
'Cause if I were you,
I--I--I'd be a big puddle--
- Of course I am not okay.
It was bad enough losing her
when I was a kid.
- But did this Lachesis lady
show you anything else?
Like, what about all the
good moments before she died?
- Why bother?
Those memories would be
painful reminders
of what I would one day
have to lose.
- You must have some memories
of your mom
when you were little
that make you smile, right?
Well,
maybe instead of torturing me,
you could, I don't know,
share one?
- You guys good?
- Yeah.
Feeling a little better.
- Wow, are those yams?
Horrible, aren't they?
- Look, guys.
I know today was--
was rough.
I mean, you got shot
in the head, for Pete's sake.
- Why'd you have
to bring that up?
- If I could,
I'd spend every day like this,
sitting around with my pals.
- Aww.
- Well, you can end every day
any way you like
with the Loom of Fate, mate.
You know,
after we best your sister,
any one of us might be called
to use the Loom,
and you got
to ask the question,
what kind of temptations
we'd have.
- I'm actually
pretty happy just flying
through time with you guys.
I got my lady.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm pretty happy.
- Same.
- I'd be a criminal again.
A simple life.
- You know,
if Behrad were alive
and we were together
and happy, I--
I don't know,
I would use my talents
to make the world a more...
inclusive, better place,
I guess.
- Well, I, for one, would
throw a multi-continent rager.
- Would you really, though,
John-o?
- I would, yeah.
- There's nothing
a little deeper,
a little closer to your heart?
- Oh, you know, uh--
even after everything
that's happened,
I'd want to do right by Astra,
you know?
Make sure she was happy
growing up in a big house
and I could keep an eye on her.
- Sure is nice to dream.
- I drink to that.
Cheers.
others: Cheers.
- Okay.
What are you not telling me?
- Nothing.
Come on.
Let me guess, you didn't really
lose your powers, yeah?
You had a vision,
and you saw the future,
and you don't want to tell me
about what happened,
am I right?
- The Courier's
not gonna charge in time.
- In time for what?
In time to escape before that
front door gets busted down
by what's outside.
- Why'd you lie to me, babe?
-  Because my vision
ended with me dying here.
In this pub.
- Sorry, what?
Oh, my God, I can't really
think straight.
I just--
- It's okay.
This is why I didn't want
to tell you.
I didn't want to distract you
from getting the team
to this moment.
- Okay, so you've been
saying goodbye
and just pushing me
to take over this whole time?
- Yes, but it--it's a
temporary, goodbye, all right?
Because you guys--
you're gonna--
you're gonna fix this, and
you're gonna save the day.
- Did you happen
to have some sort of vision
of how we save the day, Sara?
Because that would be
really helpful right now.
- I wish, but no.
I couldn't see anything
past my death.
That was it.
- Okay.
And what if we don't succeed?
- I have faith in you, babe.
And I have faith in this team,
and after I go,
you will fix it, I know it.
- Um--
I don't want
to freak you guys out, but...
we're completely surrounded
by zombies.
- Looks like
they're biding their time
until our immortality runs out.
- Well, that means
the inevitable has arrived.
Kiss your immortality goodbye.
- It's strange,
the memories you hold on to
when someone's gone.
My mom loved strawberries,
and one year, we went
strawberry picking
at this farm.
And we just ate them
right off the vine.
They didn't even make it
to the basket.
We just spent the whole day
stuffing ourselves.
- Sounds like a cool lady.
- She was.
- Think about all the
strawberries you could pick--
if you came--
- Okay, enough wheedling.
Just show me how
to use this damn thing
so we can get help and I can
bring her back already.
- Okay, yeah.
So--
- Congratulations.
You're just as weak
as any other human.
Your immortality's run out.
Time's up.
The rings...
or join your friend
on the floor.
- We just have to hold out
until the Courier charges.
- That door's not gonna hold.
- Once they're inside, I'll
hold them off as long as I can.
- Sara.
- Co-captains for life.
- Always.
- Come on!
- Bloody thing's
still charging!
- Hey, deadheads!
Over here!
- Sara!
- It's charged.
- Charlie, you have to go.
Deal with your sisters
and fix this.
- How?
- You outsmarted them
once before.
You can do it again.
- Gary.
Charlie, thank God you're here.
Your sisters took over
the ship,
and they somehow convinced
Astra to work with them,
and then I convinced her
she was wrong,
which was how she ended up
on the floor.
Where's everyone else?
- There's no time to explain.
Where are the rings?
- Okay, yeah.
We have to be careful.
Your sisters were just--
- What a pity.
- You've come crawling back.
- You're just in time, Clotho.
- I'm done running.
Now...
let's get to work.
- Greg, move your head!